This Python code is an implementation of a database management system. It creates and populates a SQLite database with data that is used to simulate a library.

The program first imports several libraries, including sqlite3 for interacting with the SQLite database, bcrypt for password hashing, and requests for making HTTP requests. The program also defines a Creation class with several functions to manage the database.

The Creation class initializes a connection to the SQLite database and reads in a SQL file to create the necessary tables. It also defines functions for inserting data into the database, clearing the tables, and hashing passwords.

The fill_database function fills the database with data for libraries, books, and users. It calls the clear_all function to remove any existing data in the tables and then uses the insert_data and insert_book_data functions to populate the tables.

The program also defines a Data class, which is not shown in the code, but is used to define the data that will be inserted into the database.



--------------------------------


python
Copy code
#!/bin/python3
This is a shebang line, which is used to tell the system which interpreter to use to run the script. In this case, it specifies that the script should be run with the Python 3 interpreter.

python
Copy code
import sqlite3 as sq
import sys
import datetime
from codecs import open
import bcrypt
import os
from os import listdir
from os.path import isfile, join
import requests
These are import statements, which bring in various Python libraries for use in the script.

python
Copy code
class Creation:
This defines a class named Creation.

python
Copy code
    def __init__(self, database, sqlfile):
        try:
            self.conn = sq.connect(database)
            self.sqlfile = sqlfile
            self.salt = bcrypt.gensalt()
        except Exception as e:
            print(e)
            sys.exit()
This is the constructor method for the Creation class. It takes two arguments, database and sqlfile. The method attempts to create a connection to a SQLite database using the sqlite3 library, and stores the connection object in self.conn. It also sets self.sqlfile to the provided sqlfile, and generates a random salt value using the bcrypt library.

python
Copy code
    def create_database(self):
        sql = open(self.sqlfile, 'r', encoding='utf-8-sig').read()
        self.conn.executescript(sql)
        self.table_names = [table_name[0] for table_name in self.conn.execute(
            'SELECT name FROM sqlite_master WHERE type="table"').fetchall()]
        self.tables = {table_name: [column[1] for column in self.conn.execute(
            f'PRAGMA table_info({table_name})')] for table_name in self.table_names}
This method reads the contents of the sqlfile provided in the constructor, and executes it as a script on the SQLite database connection. It then retrieves the names of all tables in the database, and the names of all columns in each table, and stores this information in self.table_names and self.tables, respectively.

python
Copy code
    def clearing(self, tablename: str):
        '''clears the specific tablename from the values, but does not delete the columns'''
        self.conn.execute(f'DELETE FROM {tablename}')
        self.conn.commit()
This method takes a table name as an argument, and deletes all rows in that table, leaving the table structure intact.

python
Copy code
    def clear_all(self):
        '''clears all tables'''
        for table in self.table_names:
            self.clearing(table)
This method calls the clearing method for every table in the database, effectively clearing all data from the database.

python
Copy code
    def double_quoting(self, string):
        return f"'{str(string)}'"
This method takes a string as an argument, and returns the same string with single quotes added at the beginning and end. This is used to generate SQL statements that include string literals.

python
Copy code
    def binary_to_string(self, string):
        return f"{str(string)[2:-1]}"
This method takes a byte string as an argument, and returns the corresponding string value. This is used to convert the salt value generated by bcrypt to a string for storage in the database.

python
Copy code
    def insert_data(self, table_name, data):
        command = f"""INSERT INTO {table_name}({','.join(self.tables[table_name])}) VALUES ({','.join(list(map(self.double_quoting,data)))




        